Prioritise authentication with user credentials over refresh token if both are sent. (#130)
usefulteam/jwt-auth: readme.txt

3. Other error responses

== Changelog ==
= 3.0.x =

> - Ensure that new logins are prioritised over refresh tokens when both are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prioritise authentication with user credentials over refresh token if both are sent.
```

3. Other error responses

== Changelog ==
= 3.0.x =

> - Prioritise authentication with user credentials over refresh token if both are sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Prioritise authentication with user credentials over refresh token if both are sent.
```
